in your company name and what you're
gonna be making friends okay my name is
saya I'm working for a Japanese tea
company each oven and we are Japan's
number-one green tea and we are located
in brooklyn new york I am making
Japanese green tea matcha it's a powder
green tea and then I will do a little
ceremonial when you're going to walk us
through step-by-step cracks so this is
the very regular bowl of matzo and then
this is the powder teeth
and then I'm putting about two and a
half scoop
you have a special instrument that you
use what's that call this is a bum boo
spoon yeah
I will pour about four hours of hot
order not boiling hot but about 1 and 60
to 70 and then with this with it's also
a made out of one piece of bamboo I will
mix this powder Wow
wow that's really mixing well it is
I can really smell it now yep you're
like frothing it certainly nice aroma
it's how we make mucked up and that's it
well thank you very much which is nice
to meet you that's it for me do we drink
yell straight out of the bowl we do
should I try it yeah sure usually we
give you the best surface of the club
and then you will drink okay you hold
this board yes twelve o'clock okay look
look okay so i turn it on that yeah so
look I to three o clock and then you
drink
wow it's really good it's like frothy on
the top and it's really green tea it's
really nice I like it I matching top of
it yeah YUM well thank you for making me
a bolo on my very first taste of matzo
so thank you very much